Let's get off quickly.
This was irritating him.
If he lived. Blow up the whole car.
We were all fourth. you tell me.
What exactly happens to me every day. This matter has nothing to do with me.
I reminded them. So what exactly happened then.
you tell me. I'll go tell him.
You know who's going to transfer. The one who can get on the bus.
Why don't we call the police? No call to the police.
This place is too remote. The police are here.
We all blew up. If he wants to change trains,
I bear it alone. What are you going to do.
Four Seasons Master Kuai Ting Che
Someone wants to blow up the car
What did I say?
Just do it
I want to continue
She's right
Because someone is going to blow her up
She's a purple girl. Don't brag. Don't brag. Well, don't brag.
Otherwise they all have to die
I'm the one who wants to blow up the car
Because she killed my money
I want her to die
No you really want me to die
I did it alone
Let others get off the bus
I satisfy you
What are the people in the fourth row and the back four doing?
how how
Why can't we get off the horse boss?
You won’t forget to continue as usual without emotions.